docs: update Ingress set-up (#3947)
kubeshop/testkube: docs/docs/articles/exposing-testkube-with-ingress-nginx.md

## Prerequisites

1. Deploy NGINX Ingress Controller into your k8s cluster. Please see the link for more details: [NGINX Ingress Controller](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/).

> 2. (Optional) To use TLS it is required to have any certificate management tool installed. At Testkube and in this guide we will use [cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io/), but it might differ depending on your set-up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. (Optional) To use TLS, the installation of any certificate management tool is required. At Testkube and in this guide, we will use [cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io/), but it might differ depending on your set-up.
```

> 3. Add Testkube helm-chart to your repositories, using this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add the Testkube helm-chart to your repositories, using this command:
```

```sh
helm repo add kubeshop https://kubeshop.github.io/helm-charts && helm repo update
```

## Exposing Testkube 

> In order to expose Testkube to the outside world we need to enable two Ingresses -  Testkube's UI API and Testkube's dashboard. Update `values.yaml` file that later will be passed to the `helm install` command. To enable the Testkube Ingresses, please use the following code configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to expose Testkube to the outside world we need to enable two Ingresses -  Testkube's UI API and Testkube's dashboard. Update the `values.yaml` file that will later be passed to the `helm install` command. To enable the Testkube Ingresses, please use the following code configuration:
```

```aidl
testkube-api:
  uiIngress:
    enabled: true
    annotations:
      kubernetes.io/ingress.class: nginx
      nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/force-ssl-redirect: "false"
      nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/ssl-redirect: "false"
      nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/rewrite-target: /$1
      cert-manager.io/cluster-issuer: letsencrypt-prod
      acme.cert-manager.io/http01-edit-in-place: "true"
    path: /results/(v\d/.*)
    hosts:
      - your-host.com
    tlsenabled: "true"
    tls: 
      - hosts:
         - your-host.com
      secretName: testkube-cert-secret

testkube-dashboard:
  ingress:
    enabled: "true"
    annotations:
       kubernetes.io/ingress.class: nginx
       nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/force-ssl-redirect: "false"
       nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/ssl-redirect: "false"
       cert-manager.io/cluster-issuer: letsencrypt-prod
       acme.cert-manager.io/http01-edit-in-place: "true"
  path: /
  hosts:
    - your-host.com
  tlsenabled: "true"
  tls: 
    - hosts:
        - your-host.com
      secretName: testkube-cert-secret
      
  apiServerEndpoint: "your-host.com/results"
```

:::note

> Keep in mind that hosts have to be identical for the `dashboard` and for the `api` with different paths though. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that hosts have to be identical for the `dashboard` and for the `api` with different paths. 
```

Also, do not forget to add `apiServerEndpoint` to the `values.yaml` for the `testkube-dashboard`, e.g.: apiServerEndpoint: "your-host.com/results".

:::

Please note that the snippet includes annotations for cert manager as well. Certificates are automatically generated using Let's Encrypt and cert-manager, but can be configured for any particular case. If there is no need for a TLS (Transport Layer Security) to be enabled, omit the TLS configuration.

:::important

We highly discourage working in a non-safe environment which is exposed without the use of a TLS-based connection. Please do so in a private internal environment for testing or development purposes only.

:::

## Deployment
Once the `values.yaml` file is ready, we can deploy Testkube into a cluster:

```aidl
helm install --create-namespace testkube kubeshop/testkube --namespace testkube --values values.yaml
```

> After installation is completed you may get the address of the Ingresses with the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the installation is complete, discover the address of the Ingresses with the following commands:
```
